hey guys my she knows me here today and
I am back with a April chrome kick so
the first thing that I can immediately
tell with this croak it is that it's
heavy so i usually get inside of my
tummy and the background is heavy for
april and my birthday's in april makes
me happy totally unrelated to the video
but i'm excited so it's it's pretty
heavy like let's see what I don't know
the first thing that I see in here would
be the car life yay the car life is
always awesome of course you guys know
that they always have a lot of cool
things in there I see something from
criminate in here so I'm interested in
seeing what we have in here we have a
conflict a little pamphlet that tells
you exactly what's going on time assume
we have something from the argan oil in
Morocco line I also see something in
here which is a dollar coupon code this
is from a cure so I'm assuming that's
also inside a little ceremonial working
of the sale it is broken let's see what
we got okay so so first on the back it's
packed okay it is packed really
appreciate Heather you know you didn't
have to go out your way to really make
this April croak it for my birthday
month you shouldn't have let me stop
okay so the first thing that we got in
here will be this one right here I love
this brand this is by candy curls and
this is their shea butter souffle and
they said it is for your hair in your
scalp so lips that they have a couple of
cool things in hair candy crows has like
the best smells for their products which
is what I love and I just reminds me
like laffy taffy their packaging so let
me see what think that I was thinking it
was like some type of jump and this is
what it looks like another thing I love
about a candy coast product is that it's
always like really nice and whipped so
it looks like this is just for you to
draw your Tom all your scalp and you
know it smells so so so good so I'm
happy about this and we have a full-size
product here pretty dope the next thing
I see in here always get on my nose
somehow right the next thing I seen here
will be two deluxe sized samples and
this is what the we got for the coupon
which is a doll off their products so we
have two deluxe size this is the
conditioner this is
the Moroccan argan stem cell and argan
oil conditioner and then we have here
which is the same thing this is a
shampoo something else oh my gosh I
remember this from way back way like I
think I got this a long long long time
ago from croquet with this vitamin oil
oh my goodness and this is my aunt pro
pro style and this is your vitamin E oil
is good for your hair skin and nails
listen to me and use this for your skin
this is so good for your skin and the
smell it smells like this it's just this
really sweet like oh god this has is
really really really sweet smell I love
it reminds me like grape seed oil
something else that's like really fruity
like a candy so definitely take my
advice and use this on your skin you
will thank me later and of course we
have the full size part of this thank
you so much polka I love this the next
thing that we have inside the box will
be this right here and this is by
african pride where is my sister miracle
anti-breakage maximum maximum stressing
moisturizer lotion so very long name
helps to stop breakage split ends
dryness repairs hair damaged hair
featherlite moisturizing formula and i
says it has olive oil miracle deep
conditioning so this will be got right
here I've never tried it before so let's
see i have a different smell it smell
like a little bit of like lime maybe
lemon a little bit of olive oil so this
is different so i'm interested in trying
oh it's it is lightweight it's like
liquid e so we got this one another
full-size here not on my nose again of
course like i said we were going to have
a sneak peek and i always say i love
croaking because i've been or saying to
myself i really need to order a deep
conditioner and here we go they gave me
a deep conditioner and they gave me a
oil if you guys are familiar this is by
human nature and like I said this is do
a straight from Eden line and um you
have their site belief for I believe
this for prior to this you have a
shampoo conditioner deep conditioner to
give you a while so you have a little
sample of the oil here to use this is
not a part of Colonel Kat this come
with the arm sample well and then they
have the arm condition right head like I
said you guys interested in seeing my
review on this particular product I will
have it down below and lots of the items
that we have in here are samples they're
like little pill packets this is also by
armed am pro pro style this is their
clear eyes coconut oil styling gel so we
have a little pillow packet of that here
and then we also have some what is this
what is this we have I would say like
three different sample sizes from the
cream in nature on line as well this is
they're putting perfection curl
enhancing cream we also have the
moisturizing milk mass repairing
treatment and then we also have their
brother licious curls curl hydrating
buttercream all products that i have
done reviews on like i said i will leave
them down below if you guys interested
in seeing exactly how these are so with
that being said guys if this is your
first time because i'm always getting
new subscribers hello to you if you're
watching I do have a coupon code where
you guys can get ten percent off of your
coffee if you're interested in signing
up it's a monthly subscription where you
can get a lot of different things for
like you know your hair if you're newly
natural if your curly just cool things
here box each month another sneak peek
that I want to show you guys is what's
going to be in the crockett for the
month of May this is a sneak peek of
what's going to be in the next crooked I
know you guys are shame boy sure till we
got some Shea Moisture prize I don't
know if it's gonna be a takeover box I
have no idea I'm hoping it might be but
yes this right here is the Shea Moisture
jamaican black castor oil struttin in
this product strengthens it grows and
restore it and this is their strength
and grow in the store styling lotion
with shea butter peppermint and keratin
and it says that a moisturizers protects
and shine so it seems like it does a lot
so I'm really interested in trying out
this property here like I said this is
going to be a sneak peek of the
croquettes a calm which is for the month
of May of course I got to smell it it
smells good it smells like a mix of
cocoa butter and shea butter so it
smells really good so I'm interested in
seeing exactly what else we're gonna
happen here praying in to take over box
pray pray for me i'll pray with me that
is to take a robaxin man so again this
is
p you guys so again if you guys
interested in signing up crooked get
your own box for yourself I will have
the coupon code down below for you guys
to check out and all that good stuff so
without being said thank you so much for
watching if you got your it let me
know what's your favorite product where
product did you not get because I know a
lot you like telling me that which
product are you Justin trying have you
tried any of these yadda yadda yadda are
you interested in seeing the make rocket
thank you so much for watching guys and
I will see you all in the next video